Docs: Unconfigured heartbeat still serves heartbeat event at throttler requests (#1762)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/21.0/reference/features/tablet-throttler.md

Alternatively, you may choose to enable heartbeats unconditionally via `--heartbeat_enable`, again in conjunction with `--heartbeat_interval <duration>`.

> When the heartbeat writer is unconfigured, it still serves heartbeats at throttler requests, leased on-demand for `10s`. It is therefore not strictly necessary to configure the heartbeat writer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to configure the heartbeats as it will by default perform heartbeats upon each throttler requests, leased on-demand for `10s`.
```

I also think that it makes sense to lead with this before we get into the related configuration options.

Author: Now also leading with this.
